webextensions csp: note about AMO remote csp policy (#22982)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/content_security_policy/index.md

- download the resource, package it in your extension, and refer to this version of the resource.
- allow the remote origin you need using the [`content_security_policy`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/content_security_policy) key or, in Manifest V3, the `content_scripts` property.

> > **Note:** If your modified CSP allows remote script injection, your extension will get rejected from addons.mozilla.org (AMO) during review. See details about security best practices [here](https://extensionworkshop.com/documentation/develop/build-a-secure-extension/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If your modified CSP allows remote script injection, your extension will get rejected from addons.mozilla.org (AMO) during the review. For more information, see details about [security best practices](https://extensionworkshop.com/documentation/develop/build-a-secure-extension/).
```
